# [作业]英语作业，无聊记事

`原创` `2013-12-08 00:20:23`

一 、单选题（共 50 道试题，共 100 分。）
1.  – There's a new cafeteria at the corner. How about going there for supper?– ( ).
A. Fine. But it's my treat this time
B. It's newly decorated
C. Let's look at the menu first
D. I have no idea about what to order
正确答案：A      
2.  His parents will be( )him if he fails the examination.
A. disappointing with
B. disappointed on
C. disappointed with
D. disappointing for
正确答案：C      
3.  Mother was busy. Although she was not watching the basketball on TV, she( )it on the radio.
A. was listening to
B. was hearing
C. was listening
D. was seeing
正确答案：A      
4.  On his first sea( ), he was still quite young but showed great courage to face the storms.
A. trip
B. travel
C. tour
D. voyage
正确答案：D      
5.  – May I have a look at your photo album?– ( ).
A. Yes, you have
B. It's very interesting
C. This is my girl friend
D. Yes, of course
正确答案：D      
6.  Everything( )if Albert hadn't called the fire brigade.
A. will be destroyed
B. will have been destroyed
C. would be destroyed
D. would have been destroyed
正确答案：D      
7.  He has( )four successful books.
A. wrote
B. written
C. been writing
D. writen
正确答案：B      
8.  – What's the problem, Harry?– ( ).
A. No problem
B. No trouble at all
C. Thank you for asking me about it
D. I can't remember where I left my glasses
正确答案：D      
9.  I don't want you to make any trouble,( ), I urge you to solve the problem.
A. thus
B. consequently
C. on the contrary
D. just as
正确答案：C     
转载请注明出处：http://write.blog.csdn.net/postedit/17194943
10.  She was very concerned( )her mother's illness.
A. about
B. for
C. with
D. on
正确答案：A      
11.  We are( )in the future of our motherland.
A. aware
B. confident
C. sure
D. certain
正确答案：B      
12.  – Could you tell me where Mr. Lake is?– ( ).
A. From England
B. At the office
C. He's working
D. He's very busy
正确答案：B      
13.  The work( )by the time you get there.
A. will have been done
B. was done
C. had been done
D. has done
正确答案：A      
14.  – Ami, I want this report typed today.– ( ).
A. It'll be ready in the afternoon, sir
B. I'd like you to help me
C. I know nothing about the report
D. Leave it to tomorrow
正确答案：A      
15.  – Hello! Can I get a seat on the 8 pm flight to Detroit?– ( ).
A. Hello! International Airline
B. You'd better look up the schedule first
C. I'm sorry, but it's completely booked
D. I'm afraid you have to change
正确答案：C      
16.  – Hello! Can I get a seat on the 8 pm flight to Detroit?– ( ).
A. Hello! International Airline
B. You'd better look up the schedule first
C. I'm sorry, but it's completely booked
D. I'm afraid you have to change
正确答案：C      
17.  We( )every day when we were children.
A. used to swim
B. used to swimming
C. use to swim
D. use to swimming
正确答案：A      
18.  We( )the bathroom and plan( )the bedroom this year.
A. painted…to paint
B. is painting… painting
C. paint… to paint
D. have painted…to paint
正确答案：D      
19.  – Do you know if the Andersons are still living there?– ( ).
A. Yes, they do
B. Yes, they are
C. No, there aren't
D. No, they don't
正确答案：B      
20.  ( )all we should put the theory into practice.
A. Beside
B. To
C. Above
D. Of
正确答案：C      
21.  She asked me whether( )English.
A. was I
B. am I
C. are you
D. I was
正确答案：D      
22.  – Oh, the box is too heavy.– ( ).
A. What's in it
B. Can I help you to carry it
C. Whose is it
D. May I have a try
正确答案：B      
23.  One of the benefits of the new model is that it is easier( )than the old one.
A. operating
B. to be operated
C. to operate
D. operated
正确答案：C      
24.  – Which language do you speak at home?– ( ).
A. I speak English very well
B. I can speak English and French
C. English is my mother tongue
D. English, most of the time
正确答案：D      
25.  It was well known that Thomas Edison( )the electric lamp.
A. invented
B. discovered
C. found
D. developed
正确答案：A      
26.  – I'm sorry to be late. Thank you for waiting.– ( ).
A. Tell me the reason why you're late
B. That's OK
C. It really took up my much time
D. It's a pleasure. I come here 10 minutes ago
正确答案：B      
27.  – Excuse me, would you lend me your calculator?– ( ).
A. Certainly. Here you are
B. Please don't mention it
C. It's nothing
D. Yes, I have a hand
正确答案：A      
28.  If I get the new job, I( )buy a better car.
A. 不填
B. will
C. would
D. might
正确答案：B      
29.  More and more people in China now( )to work regularly.
A. drive
B. drives
C. drove
D. have driven
正确答案：A      
30.  – Let's take a walk.– ( ).
A. Yes, let's
B. Oh, thanks
C. Yes, please
D. No, thank you
正确答案：A      
31.  – Do you know where I can repair my motorcar?– ( ).
A. I have just bought a new one
B. It's cheap to repair a motorcar
C. Around the street corner
D. You drive too fast to damage it
正确答案：C      
32.  – Hello, could I speak to Don please?– ( )?
A. Who are you
B. What's the problem
C. Are you Jane
D. Who's speaking
正确答案：D      
33.  ( )these children know the answer.
A. Most
B. Some
C. Most of
D. Few
正确答案：C      
34.  – Excuse me, I didn't mean to bother you.– ( ).
A. There's no problem
B. It's a pleasure
C. That's quite all right
D. I didn't realize that
正确答案：C      
35.  They are( )students that they all performed well in the nationwide examinations.
A. so diligent
B. such diligent
C. so much diligent
D. such very diligent
正确答案：B      
36.  – Wait here and I'll get my car and go there together.– ( ).
A. I'm sorry to have kept you waiting
B. Your sports car is fabulous
C. I'm afraid I won't wait very long
D. Why bother? It's within walking distance
正确答案：D      
37.  A 15-year-old boy was( )for stealing 22 charity boxes from local shops.
A. convicted
B. sentenced
C. arrested
D. attacked
正确答案：C      
38.  – How's the movie? Interesting?– ( ).
A. It was shown late until midnight
B. It was starred by a few famous people
C. Far from. I should have stayed home watching TV
D. I was seated far away in the corner
正确答案：C     
转载请注明出处：http://write.blog.csdn.net/postedit/17194943
39.  He( )in the laboratory the whole morning.
A. has been working
B. is working
C. was working
D. has worked
正确答案：A      
40.  – I'd like to know something about your life in Paris.– ( ).
A. You can tell me
B. I wonder if you can
C. I'll tell you
D. I wonder if you could
正确答案：C      
41.  What( )all this morning?
A. are you being done
B. have you been doing
C. have you been done
D. are you doing
正确答案：B      
42.  Parliament didn't think the Prime Minister did enough in the improvement of fair employment, ( )he was asked to write to Parliament for further explanation.
A. so
B. therefore
C. since
D. as
正确答案：B      
43.  – Excuse me, how far is the airport from here?– ( ).
A. You can take a taxi
B. It's about thirty miles
C. I'll fly to Sidney
D. It's only six hundred dollars
正确答案：B      
44.  Three people,( ), were injured in the accident.
A. included a child
B. include a child
C. including a child
D. includes a child
正确答案：C      
45.  Last month, he paid a visit to the village( )he had once worked for five years.
A. where
B. which
C. that
D. in that
正确答案：A      
46.  Ann is studying( )at university.
A. politic
B. politics
C. politician
D. political
正确答案：B      
47.  – Oh, you're back at work? How was your holiday?– ( ).
A. We had rain every day and stayed at the hotel most of the time
B. The ten-day holiday was not long enough
C. I was missing you when I was on holiday
D. I heard you were on holiday, too
正确答案：A     
转载请注明出处：http://write.blog.csdn.net/postedit/17194943
48.  – What if my computer doesn't work?– ( ).
A. I'm not good at computer
B. Ask Anne for help
C. I've called the repair shop
D. There must be something wrong
正确答案：B      
49.  – Excuse me, how can I get to the nearest supermarket?– ( ).
A. It's not very far from here
B. The supermarket is very large
C. The goods there are very expensive
D. Sorry, sir. I'm a stranger here myself
正确答案：D      
50.  Those cakes look nice. Can I have( )?
A. one
B. it
C. 不填
D. one cake
正确答案：A      
